---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## Getting Started Working with JuliaLang
#### Setting-up the Development Environment
Setting up the development environment was simple thanks to the clear and concise instructions in the project's README. It did however, take a significant amount of time, close to three hours.

#### 3+ Possible Issues
Being that my team and I have little-to-no experience programming in Julia, we chose to focus on learning the language and familiarizing ourselves with its applications prior to selecting issues. I aim to begin sorting through issues in the coming week once I am more acquainted with Julia as a whole. I would also like to join the project's Slack channel to get a feel for how contributors communicate.

## OS Licensing
#### *[A Crash Course in Open Source Licensing](https://youtu.be/cJIi-hIlCQM)* Presentation by Kevin Fleming

**The Ketchup Algorithm**  
Kevin Fleming uses a fictitious ketchup algorithm to explain ownership and illustrate why OS licenses are crucial. The algorithm determines the perfect amount of ketchup for some amount of fries; not too much that they will be soggy but not so little that they will lack flavor. As his examples illustrate, without a proper OS license, even if the creator intends to share their work, others will not have the rights to use it. He also illuminates the difficulties that come along with restrictive "open" licenses, such as those that dictate the work only be used for good and not evil.

**Major Points**  
A *copyright* is a legal right to determine what is done with an original work. By default copyright is maintained by the creator of a work, and all rights are reserved.

A *patent* is a legal right to the control of an *invention*. Unlike a copyright, a patent must be applied for, and normally expires after 20 years. Patent law is significantly more complex than copyright.

The purpose of a software license is to explicitly define what others can and can't do. It is necessary if an individual wants to allow others to utilize and/or contribute to their software.
When people contribute to OS projects, they must uphold the restrictions set forth by the license, which may include citing the creator, explicitly stating what modifications have been made, and or maintaining the same license on further iterations of the project. OS licenses fall into two categories: copyleft, which dictates that all descendant works most maintain same license (ex. GNU Public License), and permissive, which allows descendant works to choose a different license, including one that is not open source	(ex. MIT license, BSD license, Apache license).
