---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## This Week's JuliaLang Progress   
#### Progress Learning the Language
This week, I've been working through some online tutorials to become acquainted with programming in Julia. So far I have been happy to find that the language is extremely intuitive and that the available learning resources are very useful. I have also read more about Julia to understand its strengths and functionality. There are many secondary sectors of the Julia language, such as libraries, that I believe my team may be able to contribute to. In the coming week I hope to meet with my team to communicate about the issues we are hoping to tackle and get a sense for what kind of issues they'd like to focus on. Arranging time to meet has been difficult this past week due to midterms.

#### Issues
###### [Issue 31323](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31232): the function ` __init__()` has undocumented behavior  
Currently the help documentation for Julia lacks details on the function ` __init__()`, which someone has requested be added. This issue requires reviewing the "[Module initialization and precompilation](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/modules/index.html#Module-initialization-and-precompilation-1)" section of the Julia manual which details the function of ` __init__()`.

###### [Issue 31143](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31143): It should be mentioned in the manual that Rationals are checked for overflow  
This issue would require us to understand the function of Rationals in the Julia Language and why they are checked, and create an example to showcase this functionality. I believe this would be a relatively simple issue to work on, though we have to wait a bit to see if the person who said they would try to work on it makes any progress.

---
## Thoughts on Patrick Masson's Talk
I enjoyed Patrick Masson's talk. I was interested in what he named 'fauxpen source' and 'open-washing', terms that reflect problems I was already aware of but had no sufficient name for. Even his brief description of well-known software projects that exemplify these two issues peaked my interest. It is worrisome to know this is such a major problem, and one I have paid so little attention to. I also found the discussion of OS versus non-OS business models intriguing.
