---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Communities of Practice

"communities are voluntary and organic"

A community of practice is when a group of individuals who share in something they do come together to share ideas and experiences, and to work together to improve and grow.

The article ["Cultivating Communities of Practice: A Guide to Managing Knowledge - Seven Principles for Cultivating Communities of Practice"](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/cultivating-communities-of-practice-a-guide-to-managing-knowledge-seven-principles-for-cultivating-communities-of-practice) outlines 7 principles:
1. Design for evolution.
2. Open a dialogue between inside and outside perspectives.
3. Invite different levels of participation.
4. Develop both public and private community spaces.
5. Focus on value.
6. Combine familiarity and excitement.
7. Create a rhythm for the community.

Many of these principles reflect the ideas that have allowed open source projects to succeed in the past, although I believe the strength of OS communities is that they develop many of these characteristics naturally.  

It makes sense that principles #1 and #2 are met being that OS projects are completely open for anyone to contribute to and help to improve. And principle #6 is met because the contributors that are attracted to the project will most likely be those that already use the product and are passionate about it. #3 is met being that the contributor gets to decides exactly how and what they'd like to contribute, which includes all aspects of the project and not just the code base itself. #5 is met because it is the values of the community that fuel the progress of the project. For #7, the idea of a "rhythm" reminds me of Linus Torvalds' technique of "releasing early and often", something that many maintainers emulate to insure the project continues to move forward.  

The one principle I wonder about is principle #4. I wonder how both public and private community spaces can be created for OS projects, and more importantly whether specifically private spaces should be. Discourse and Slack channels seem to be obvious examples of public spaces being created, but perhaps it is the need to sign-in or receive an invitation that keeps these spaces from being entirely public? I've also considered whether the conversations among the boards managing larger projects, or among maintainers for smaller projects could be considered private dimensions of the community which the article posits are necessary to cultivate a community of practice.

On the whole this article illuminated exactly why
OS projects are able to become so successful and gave an interesting non-tech backdrop for those ideas presented in the Cathedral and Bazaar.

----

## This Week's JuliaLang Progress
#### Group Meeting
Our team met this week to figure out how to make progress with Julia and ultimately make pull requests that (we hope) will be accepted. We shared what issues we were looking at individually and discussed what we were feeling intimidated by. This was the first of our weekly meetings, and it felt like a good starting point.

#### Action Plan
We are all going to look into the first steps of contributing to the issues we have collected by our meeting next week. At our meeting we will be sharing the problems we have run into and deciding which issues deserve further pursuit, and trying to figure out how to get past them. For me this includes trying to understand what exactly issues are asking, and figuring out whether or not I have enough expertise to attempt them.

#### New Issues
###### [Issue 31402](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31402): Print Symbol("true") as Symbol("true") instead of :true
###### [Issue 443](https://github.com/JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl/issues/443): Add features to LinkedList
###### [Issue 73](https://github.com/JuliaLang/JuliaParser.jl/issues/73): typo
I need to look into this issue more. It seems that the person that created it did so with the intention of creating a pull request to solve it but never did. It might be an easy pull request.
###### [Issue 1823](https://github.com/JuliaPlots/Plots.jl/issues/1823): surface function in the examples
This issue is to add a useful example to demonstrate the surface function, it would require an understanding of the surface function. I will be looking into it to determine how easy an issue it will be to contribute to.

#### Previous Issues
###### [Issue 31202](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31202): Documenting all exports from the standard libraries  
We've decided that this is a good issue for us to work on. I'd like to look through the standard libraries that need documentation and determine which I think would be best to attempt to document.
###### [Issue 31323](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31232): the function ` __init__()` has undocumented behavior  
###### [Issue 31143](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31143): It should be mentioned in the manual that Rationals are checked for overflow  
