---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open Source vs. Free Software
The [**open source** definition](https://opensource.org/osd) published on *opensource.org* and last updated in 2007 outlines 10 criteria that must be met for software to be considered open source. Not surprisingly, open source software must provide ready access to the source code without exclusion based on user or purpose. It must allow users to modify (if only in the form of patch files) and redistribute the original work freely. It is unable to restrict how and what other software is used in conjunction with it, or what technologies it can be used on. As a whole, software that falls within the open source definition allows users free access to the software and its source code but still maintains the rights of the original creator and allows for some variation in licensing.

At first-glance, **free software**, as defined by *The Free Software Foundation*, is more or less the same as open source software. The 4 freedoms of free software align quite closely with the criteria for open source software. The significant difference between these definitions is their intent. The open source definition lays a framework on which licenses can be judged to be open source, the free software definition is more open-ended and instead serves as an ideology for software creation and use.

It is important to note that neither open source nor free software restricts a user from selling either the original or modified software and source code. In fact, free software requires that modified software be redistributable commercially. So while open source and free software give users freedom of access and modification they do not restrict users from monetizing software.

## OpenStreetMap Editions
OpenStreetMap gave me a unique opportunity to make use of my knowledge of my hometown. I started by editing my parents' house, classifying the house and garage structures as well as adding the appropriate address and deleting structures that do not exist. I then researched online to find the name of a small pond and added it to the map. I updated some slightly incorrect street names (Kenney Road to Kenneys Road, etc.) and adjusted roads and beaches to better match the satellite image. I also added some information to a restaurant using what was listed on the website.
