---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What things do you feel you need to learn the most to be able to contribute to open source projects? 
As we've discussed previously, contributing to an open source project doesn't require any programming knowledge. What it does require is an understanding of what open source projects are, how they work, and how they are organized. You would not be able to contribute to a project without knowing where to find the information needed to contribute or understand the expectations of contributors. Getting a general sense of the culture of open source contribution can also be important, this includes things like etiquette, how to ask for help, and how to make meaningful contributions. Many of these things differ from project to project and as a result, contributors need to commit time to learn about a project before diving in.

### What are the weak points that you want to strengthen?
Though knowing how to program isn't necessary in order to contribute to open source projects, it is for the type of contributions I aim to make. As a result, I feel that I need to strengthen my ability to read code others have written (including poorly commented and styled code), and write code I feel confident conforms to the expectations of those involved with the project. 

I also think my intimidation to speak-up may prove a difficult obstacle to surmount in contributing to open source projects. To prevent this, I would like to develop a better understanding of how to communicate with other contributors in terms of the formality expected and the environments used.
