---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Contributing to Wikipedia
Overall I found contributing to Wikipedia to be a very rewarding activity and one I hope to continue after the semester is over. I did find it a bit challenging knowing my edits might be at odds with what others believe is best, though I think in time I will become more confident in my contributions.

[Gift (video_game)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gift_%28video_game%29)  
I only made a couple of small changes to this page. I noted that things seemed a bit contentious so I was hesitant to do much, especially because many of the sources were in french (which I sadly do not speak). This page really highlights some of the difficulties of creating good wikipedia content. There are few impartial sources available online or elsewhere, and there are no free-use images of the game that I could find.

[Sexualization and sexual exploitation in K-pop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexualization_and_sexual_exploitation_in_K-pop)   
In reading the first sentence of this article, it became clear it needed major editing. The writing is often overly complex, and many of the claims are either unsubstantiated by existing sources or seem somewhat biased. I did my best to remove much of the conjecture and leave "just-the-facts" as is outlined by the [*Contributing to Wikipedia* article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contributing_to_Wikipedia#Getting_started) we read earlier in the semester. I chose not to edit the entire article heavily, instead I mostly edited a single section, and plan to return to the article to see whether other active contributors agree with my edits before I do anymore. Future contribution will also most likely require some major research into both the sources already listed and into new sources to create a more objective and robust article.

----
## This Week's JuliaLang Progress
Progress continues to be slow! I somewhat regret choosing this project as I seem to be in a bit over my head. Even though there are a lot of resources, there is also a lot to wade through in the attempt to make a contribution. I am hoping to work on this a lot over break, though I know all of the members of my team will be away at varying times so a group meeting may be unlikely.
#### Issues We're Focused On
###### [Issue 31402](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31402): Print Symbol("true") as Symbol("true") instead of :true
I am still really struggling with finding the route of this issue. At this point I'm not sure whether I should move on to something else or persist a bit longer. I will see if any other members of the group can help with this issue at our next group meeting.
###### [Issue 31202](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/31202): Documenting all exports from the standard libraries
Documenting only what's left to be documented in the Dates library doesn't feel like enough to make a pull request. We will attempt to do more documentation so that we can make a pull request as soon as possible. I'm going to look into the Linear Algebra library, specifically the Blas (Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms) exports. This will require a bit of background reasearch, I've looked into the information already in the Julia documentation and will be using the [website](http://www.netlib.org/blas/) that is referenced there for insight.
