---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## OSS Project Evaluation
This past week I reviewed three open source projects as part of a project evaluation assignment. The purpose of the assignment was to lead us through reviewing projects, and looking for the information we will need to determine whether they're suitable projects to contribute to. We were looking for such elements as the specific license (always the first thing you should check, to make sure a project actually **is** open source), details of the code base, the project's activity level, and the welcomeness of the project's community. I found evaluating the open source projects DOxygen, Netflix Conductor, and Open Food Facts Server both illuminating and exhausting.

Overall, the assignment required far more time than I had expected or allotted. Determining how long pull requests and issues remain open on average required tedious calculation and led to results I found less than useful. In all of the projects, I observed major outliers in the time pull requests and issues were closed, especially for issues. It seems logical that the time it takes to resolve issues would vary, some issues are harder than others and some are less urgent, therefore you would expect these issues would take significantly longer to resolve. Though I didn't fine the calculations useful, looking at the recent issues and seeing what problems were and weren't being resolved helped me get a sense of how I would be able to contribute, and looking at recent pull requests helped me see how the maintainers communicate with contributors.
