---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## OS Project Selection  


### Final Selection: [JuliaLang](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia.git)

#### Overall
I chose to join a team that will be contributing to the Julia programming language. Julia is defined as a "high-level, high-performance dynamic language for technical computing" in the project's [README file](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/blob/master/README.md). It expands upon the capabilities of existing scripting languages, such as Python, while being able to achieve performance comparable to C or Fortran. Type stability and multiple dispatch set Julia apart from existing languages.

Contributing to such a major project, especially one that requires learning a new programming language, is a bit daunting. But Julia has an active community that encourages first time contributions, copious learning resources available, and a well organized and documented code base, which will hopefully make it a good first project to contribute to.

---
#### License  

The compiler, the majority of standard library, and some utilities fall under a MIT OSS License. Other components of project have different licensing (including Python, external libraries, etc).

---
#### Code Base
**primary programming language**  
The majority of the Julia programming language is written in Julia itself, allowing Julia users to easily expand Julia and its packages, which encourages community participation. For me this will require learning a new language, which will hopefully only reinforce my interest in the project.

**project first started**  
2009

**stable release**  
Jan 2019

---
#### Activity Level

**maintainers**  
There are a number of active maintainers for this project and actively respond to issues and pull requests.

**contributors**  
Within the last month there have been 55 contributors.

**issues**  
There are currently 38 active issues from the past week. I have noticed that many of these issues are user-based errors which are redirected to the language's help page.

**pull requests**  
There are currently 55 active pull requests from the past week.

---
#### Welcomeness

**CONTRIBUTING document**  
This project has a compressive contributing document that covers how to file bugs and how to submit contributions, and provides a multitude of further resources.

**CODE OF CONDUCT document**  
This project does not provide a document outlining the code of conduct.

**communication & community**  
This project has both a discussion forum and a Slack channel.

**other resources**  
Many resources exist for learning and contributing to Julia.
